NCReport Personal Use and Evaluation License (PUEL)


This license applies if you download the full NCReport binaries from the
www.nocisoft.com Downloads page.

In summary, the NCReport PUEL allows you to use NCReport free of charge

* for personal use or, alternatively,
* for product evaluation.

In addition, academic use of NCReport for educational purpose is also 
permitted free of charge by the PUEL.

If you do not belong to either category, you will have to purchase a
commercial license. Do not hesitate to contact Helta Kft (LTD.) /
NociSoft Software Solution Department, ("HELTA" hereafter) in this matter.

If you are confused by the legalese below, you may also want to take a
look at our Licensing to answer a few common questions.


NCReport PUEL terms and conditions


License version 1.0, March 12, 2010

Helta Kft (LTD.), ("HELTA") IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE PRODUCT (AS DEFINED
IN § 1 BELOW) TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE
TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS NCREPORT PERSONAL USE AND EVALUATION LICENSE
AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT”). PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY
DOWNLOADING OR INSTALLING THIS PRODUCT, YOU ACCEPT THE FULL TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT.

IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS LICENSE ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OTHER THAN AN
INDIVIDUAL PERSON, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE BINDING AND HAVE THE RIGHT
TO BIND THE ENTITY TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

§ 1 Subject of Agreement. "Product”, as referred to in this Agreement,
shall be the binary software package "NCReport,” which Product allows
for creating and generating reports, each with with a specific operating
system ("Client Computer"). The Product consists of executable files in
machine code for the Windows and Linux operating systems as well as other
data files as required by the executable files at run-time and
documentation in electronic form. The Product updates provided to You by
HELTA under this Agreement and the terms of this Agreement will apply to
all such documentation and updates unless a different license is provided
with an update or documentation.

§ 2 Grant of license. (1) HELTA grants you a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce, install,
execute, and use internally the Product a Client Computer for your
Personal Use, Educational Use, or Evaluation. "Personal Use” requires
that you use the Product on the same Client Computer where you installed
it yourself. "Educational use” is any use in an academic institution
(schools, colleges and universities, by teachers and students).
"Evaluation” means testing the Product for a reasonable period (that
is, normally for a few weeks); after expiry of that term, you are no
longer permitted to evaluate the Product.

§3 Restrictions and Reservation of Rights. (1) Any use beyond the
provisions of § 2 is prohibited. The Product and copies thereof provided
to you under this Agreement are copyrighted and licensed, not sold, to
you by HELTA. HELTA reserves all copyrights and other intellectual
property rights. This includes, but is not limited to, the right to
modify, make available or public, rent out, lease, lend or otherwise
distribute the Product. This does not apply as far as applicable law may
require otherwise or if HELTA grants you additional rights of use in a
separate agreement in writing.

(2) You may not do any of the following: (a) modify the Product. However
if the documentation accompanying Product lists specific portions of
Product, such as header files, class libraries, reference source code,
and/or redistributable files, that may be handled differently, you may do
so only as provided in the documentation; (b) rent, lease, lend or
encumber the Product; (c) remove or alter any proprietary legends or
notices contained in the Product; or (d) decompile, or reverse engineer
the Product (unless enforcement of this restrictions is prohibited by
applicable law).

(3) The Product is not designed, licensed or intended for use in the
design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility
and HELTA and its licensors disclaim any express or implied warranty of
fitness for such uses.

(4) No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark,
logo or trade name of HELTA or its licensors is granted under this
Agreement.

§ 4 Termination. The Agreement is effective on the Date you receive the
Product and remains effective until terminated. Your rights under this
Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from HELTA if you
materially breach it or take any action in derogation of HELTA's and/or
its licensors' rights to Product. HELTA may terminate this Agreement
should any Product become, or in HELTA's reasonable opinion likely to
become, the subject of a claim of intellectual property infringement or
trade secret misappropriation. Upon termination, you will cease use of,
and destroy, Product and confirm compliance in writing to HELTA. Sections
3-9, inclusive, will survive termination of the Agreement.

§ 5 Disclaimer of Warranty. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, HELTA PROVIDES THE PRODUCT "AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO
BE LEGALLY INVALID. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of
the Product is with you. Should it prove defective, you assume the cost
of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. In addition, HELTA
shall be allowed to provide updates to the Product in urgent cases. You
are then obliged to install such updates. Such an urgent case includes,
but is not limited to, a claim of rights to the Product by a third party.

§ 6 Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HELTA OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST
REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY
OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
PRODUCT, EVEN IF HELTA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. In no event will HELTA's liability to you, whether in contract,
tort (including negligence), or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you
for Product under this Agreement. Some states do not allow the exclusion
of incidental or consequential damages, so some of the terms above may
not be applicable to you.

§ 7 Third Party Code. Portions of Product may be provided with notices
and open source licenses from communities and third parties that govern
the use of those portions, and any licenses granted hereunder do not
alter any rights and obligations You may have under such open source
licenses, however, the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability
provisions in this Agreement will apply to all the Product.

§ 8 Export Regulations. All Product, documents, technical data, and any
other materials delivered under this Agreement are subject to U.S. export
control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other
countries. You agree to comply strictly with these laws and regulations
and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain any licenses
to export, re-export, or import as may be required after delivery to you.

§ 9 U.S. Government Restricted Rights. If Product is being acquired by
or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime
contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights
in Product and accompanying documentation will be only as set forth in
this Agreement; this is in accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201 through
227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and with 48 CFR
2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD acquisitions).

§ 10 Miscellaneous. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you
and HELTA relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals,
representations and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or
additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, or other
communication between the parties relating to its subject matter during
the term of this Agreement. No modification of this Agreement will be
binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of
each party. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in effect with the provision
omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in
which case this Agreement will immediately terminate. Course of dealing
and other standard business conditions of the parties or the industry
shall not apply. Place of performance and legal venue shall be
Baja/Hungary the domicile of HELTA. Any action related to this Agreement
will be governed by the law of Hungarian federal law. No choice of law
rules of any jurisdiction will apply.

